
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title lang="hu">Leírás | Bábeli Könyvtár</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css"/>
</head>
<body>
    <p class="transcription">We see a girl in a wast desert.</p>
    <p>"My planet Arrakis is so beautiful when the sun is low.</p>
    <p>Rolling over the sands, you can see spice in the air.</p>
    <p>The outsiders ravage our lands in front of our eyes."</p>
    <p class="transcription">Masked man with guns appear, rockets hit the ground.</p>
    <p>[screaming]</p>
    <p class="transcription">We are shown scenes of chaos, people dying and burning corpses.</p>
    <p>"Their cruelty to my people is all I've known."</p>
    <p>[woman chanting]</p>
    <p>"What's to become of our world?"</p>
    <p>"Paul." - [gasps]</p>
    <p class="transcription">In a comfortable bed a boy wakes up.</p>
    <p class="transcription">A man with a spacesuit on is welcomed by Paul.</p>
    <p>- "My boy". [chuckles]</p>
    <p class="transcription">The man and the boy stop to chat.</p>
    <p>- "Duncan, can I trust you with something? - Yes. Always. You know that."</p>
    <p>- "I've been having dreams about a girl on Arrakis."</p>
    <p class="transcription">We are shown scenes from the desert again.</p>
    <p>"I don't know what it means."</p>
    <p>- "Dreams make good stories,"</p>
    <p>"but everything important happens when we're awake."</p>
    <p>"Look at you. Put on some muscle?"</p>
    <p>- "I did? - No."</p>
    <p class="transcription">People in clothes fit for royalty land in a spaceship, before the assembled people.</p>
    <p>- "We are House Atreides. There is no call we do not answer."</p>
    <p>"There is no faith that we betray."</p>
    <p>"Smile, Gurney."</p>
    <p>- "I am smiling."</p>
    <p class="transcription">The man named Gurney was infact not smiling.</p>
    <p class="transcription">House Atreides lands in the desert shown earlier.</p>
    <p>- "The Emperor asks us to bring peace to Arrakis."</p>
    <p>"House Atreides accepts."</p>
    <p class="transcription">Paul meets the girl earlier shown in the desert.</p>
    <p>- "I know you."</p>
    <p>"There's something awakening in my mind."</p>
    <p>- "You need to face your fears."</p>
    <p class="transcription">Paul takes the dagger offered to him by the girl.</p>
    <p>- "Come with me."</p>
    <p>- "You need to be ready."</p>
    <p class="transcription">We are shown an army prepering in brutal ways.</p>
    <p>"You've never met Harkonnens before. They're not human. They're brutal."</p>
    <p>- "The Duke's son, he sees too much."</p>
    <p class="transcription">A new man appears, slightly overweight and floating.</p>
    <p>- "This is my Dune. Kill them all."</p>
    <p>- "God in heaven."</p>
    <p class="transcription">A huge explosion happens.</p>
    <p>"Get everything with guns off the ground! Go!"</p>
    <p class="transcription">A fight starts, two armies collide, everything is on fire, and more explisions follow.</p>
    <p>- "This is an extermination."</p>
    <p>"They're picking my family off one by one."</p>
    <p>- "Let's fight like demons."</p>
    <p class="transcription">Paul is speaking with his father on the side of a cliff back in their homeland.</p>
    <p>- "Dad, what if I'm not the future of House Atreides?"</p>
    <p class="transcription">Paul is shown running from an enormous worm-like creautre.</p>
    <p>- "A great man doesn't seek to lead. He's called to it."</p>
    <p>"But if your answer is no..."</p>
    <p>"you'll still be the only thing I ever needed you to be..."</p>
    <p>"my son."</p>
    <p class="transcription">More fighting scenes.</p>
    <p>"If anything happens..."</p>
    <p>"will you protect Paul?"</p>
    <p class="transcription">Paul's mother answers.</p>
    <p>- "With my life."</p>
    <p>- "No!"</p>
    <p class="transcription">Again we see the two armies fight.</p>
    <p>"Only together can we stand a chance."</p>
    <p>[panting]</p>
    <p>- "It's time."</p>
    <p>[woman chanting]</p>
</body>
</html>