<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title lang="hu">Leírás | Bábeli Könyvtár</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css"/>

</head>

<body>

    <p class="transcription">We are shown a woman in a blue flowing gown.</p>
    <p>"Swear your oath, Moiraine Sedai."</p>

    <p class="transcription">The woman takes a staff while reciting the oath.</p>

    <p>"I swear to speak no word that is not true,

    to make no weapon with which
    one person may kill another,

    and never to use the One Power
    as a weapon."</p>

    <p class="transcription">A man takes over speaking.</p>
    <p>"Do you know what Aes Sedai means
    in the Old Tongue?"</p>

    <p> "Servants of all."</p>

    <p>"It is they who serve the world."</p>

    <p class="transcription">The woman is riding a horse.</p>
    <p>"I didn’t choose this path,
    but I will follow it."</p>
    
    <p class="transcription">Another man appears and he seems to acompany the woman in blue.</p>
    <p>"-Where next?"</p>
    <p>"-The Two Rivers."</p>

    <p>"The Old Blood runs deep
    in those mountains.

    "Let’s hope it’s prepared them
    for what’s coming."</p>

    <p class="transcription">We see the legs of a dark horse in the rain at night.</p>
    <p>"The Dark One is waking."</p>

    <p class="transcription">we are shown 5 different people all practicing some type of combat.</p>
    <p>"But there will be one
    who can stand against him."</p>

    <p>"And it’s one of the five of you."</p>
    
    <p>"You've fully lost your mind."</p>

    <p>"Your life isn't going to
    be what you thought."</p>

    <p class="transcription">Ominious noises in the background</p>

    <p>"-Moiraine?"</p>
    <p>"-What are those?"</p>

    <p class="transcription">An army is shown funning down the side of a hill.</p>
    <p>"His army is coming."</p>


    <p>"What can we do?"</p>

    <p class="transcription">Fighting ensues between the previously shown people and the army of wolf like creatures.</p>
    <p> "We protect the people we love,

    no matter the cost."</p>

    <p class="transcription">People in white clothing are shown.</p>
    <p>"Our enemies are everywhere."</p>

    <p>"They will leave no one standing."</p>

    <p class="transcription">Scenes of carnage, and death.</p>
    <p>"We’ve lost too many people already.
    I can't lose you."</p>

    <p>"You won't."</p>

    <p class="transcription">Scenes of fighting follow, humans versus different animal creatures.</p>
    <p>"If we do not stop the Dark One now,

    the whole world will burn."</p>

    <p class="transcription">The blue robed woman is shown throwing fireballs.</p>
    <p>"I can't allow it."</p>

    <p class="transcription">The title and release date are shown.</p>
    <p>"The Wheel weaves as the Wheel wills."</p>

    <p class="transcription">More fighting.</p>
    <p>"Do you think we'll ever go back?"</p>

    <p>"Home?"</p>

    <p>"No."</p>

</body>
</html>